we're gonna turn now well to the video
we've been showing you this morning a
kicker behind it well posting a video of
himself doing this rather remarkable
things with a football and its foot the
video has gone viral now and however
stunningly has gotten him a tryout with
an NFL team here's why believe what you
are seeing a normal guy just kicking a
football with the precision that makes
you think it's got to be fake but no
it's real and his name of our route and
this 28 year old from Norway has become
a veritable internet sensation it
started this is the summer vacation and
we made a trickshot video of me kicking
a football and now at least a million
people have seen the video I think it's
around one front one and actually I'm
out well among those 1.1 million hits
the New York Jets of the NFL a franchise
looking for headlines found the wrong
ones with Tim Tebow so why not look
overseas to Norway for an answer they
had watched the video and they liked
what they saw and they want me to go to
tryouts pretty heady stuff for a guy who
may have been kicking a soccer ball his
whole life but only started kicking a
football well a year and a half ago
håvard said the tryout went well
adequate kicks
I made sixteen seventy nothing what you
can see in the video is that he's got
ability and he's able to to do some
things or have some traits that you want
to look at further but we wondered back
to all those trick kicks
how many times did it take to get some
of them right
subjects runs really fast so on the
first try
some others have to work a little bit on